AltDrag
Made by Stefan Sundin

Drag windows with the mouse when pressing the alt key.
You can use the middle or right mouse button to resize windows.
If you press the shift key while you drag or resize, the window will stick to other windows.
You can enable experimental features to be able to use the shift key when normally moving windows.
You can also double-click a window to maximize it.
Fullscreen windows, such as games, will not be dragged or resized.

If you experience lag when you move and resize windows, try disabling the mouse cursor switch in AltDrag.ini.

AltDrag will automatically check for updates.
You can disable this in AltDrag.ini.

You can use -hide as a parameter to hide the tray icon.

Visit the website at http://altdrag.googlecode.com/
Send feedback to recover89@gmail.com

If you feel this program is useful, please consider donating money.
You can find out how to donate on the website.

Changelog
---------
0.6:
Sticky behavior now works with resize (except when resizing in all directions).
Fixed tray not being hidden by -hide.
Fixed mouse cursor not changing when Aero was disabled in Vista.
Language can now be changed in AltDrag.ini.

0.5 - 2009-01-12:
You can now resize windows with the middle or right mouse button.
You can now double-click a window to maximize it.
You can now blacklist certain windows from being dragged and certain windows from being sticked to.
Blacklisted by default: the alt+tab window in Vista.
Sticky-blacklisted by default: the Vista start menu orb.
The mouse cursor will now change when you move and resize windows.
Only one instance of AltDrag can now be run. Starting AltDrag again will make the first copy add its tray icon.
Experimental feature disabled by default: you can now press the shift key while normally moving windows (dragging the titlebar) to make them stick. Doesn't work on all windows in Vista.

0.4 - 2008-09-14:
You can now press the shift key to make the window stick to other windows.

0.3 - 2008-08-03:
Fixed a bug that made AltDrag ignore all windows which were at the screen borders since it thought they were fullscreen windows.
Improved performance by only installing the mouse hook when the alt key is pressed.

0.2 - 2008-08-01:
You can no longer drag fullscreen windows.
The window is better placed when it's restored from its maximized state.

0.1 - 2008-06-05:
Initial release.
